Core docs adjustment (#110)
openclimatedata/openscm: docs/usage.rst

timeseries and has a unique name in a hierarchy of arbitrary depth.
That means every parameter either is a root parameter without a parent
parameter ("level 0") or belongs to a parent parameter.

For example, the parameter for industrial carbon emissions belongs to
the parameter for carbon emissions, which in turn belongs to the root
parameter emission. Thus, it is identified by

    ``Emissions`` -> ``CO2`` -> ``Industrial``.

In the low-level API parameters are expected to be identified by
tuples of strings describing their position in the hierarchy, i.e. in
this example ``("Emissions", "CO2", "Industrial")``. The high-level
API also allows for giving it as a string with the hierarchical levels
separated by ``|``, e.g. ``"Emissions|CO2|Industrial"``.

See :ref:`parameter-hierarchy` for the standard parameters in OpenSCM.

Time frames
-----------

Timeseries parameters are always given with a corresponding time
frame, which consists of a time point and a period length. The time
point gives the start of the timeseries; the period length gives the
length of the period between consecutive values in the timeseries.
Each parameter value is assumed to be the **average value** for its

> corresponding period. This implies that additive values such as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
corresponding period. This implies that values which describe the transport of a quantity such as
```

Author: I think this is too much about the interpretation of the values rather than their nature of not being averages...
```suggestion
corresponding period. This implies that values that are not averages but, for instance, absolute values, such as
```
?

Reviewer: nice!

Reviewer: although it's not clear to me why concentrations (ppm) are not absolute values but anyway let's go with this for now

Author: hmmm, I will try to think about good names for the two types of values the next days...

Reviewer: I swear state and flux variables is right but I must be making it up as google gives nothing...
